Locksmith by Emily Short begins here.Volume 1 - Automatic locking and unlocking with necessary actionsBefore going through a closed door (called the blocking door):	say "(first opening [the blocking door])[line break]";	silently try opening the blocking door;	if the blocking door is closed, stop the action.Before locking an open thing (called the door ajar) with something:	say "(first closing [the door ajar])[line break]";	silently try closing the door ajar;	if the door ajar is open, stop the action.	Before locking keylessly an open thing (called the door ajar):	say "(first closing [the door ajar])[line break]";	silently try closing the door ajar;	if the door ajar is open, stop the action.Before opening a locked thing (called the sealed chest): 	say "(first unlocking [the sealed chest])[line break]";	silently try unlocking keylessly the sealed chest;	if the sealed chest is locked, stop the action.	Volume 2 - Default locking and unlockingPart 1 - The matching key ruleThis is the need a matching key rule: 	if the noun has a matching key	begin;		let the item be the matching key of the noun;		if the player has the item,			continue the action;		if the item is a used passkey which can be touched by the player		begin;				say "(first taking [the item])[line break]"; 				try silently taking the item;		end if;		if the player has the item,			continue the action; 	end if;	say "You lack a key that fits [the noun].";	stop the action.Part 2 - Unlocking keylesslyUnderstand "unlock [something]" as unlocking keylessly.Unlocking keylessly is an action applying to one thing.Check unlocking keylessly:	abide by the can't unlock without a lock rule;	abide by the can't unlock what's already unlocked rule;	abide by the need a matching key rule.Carry out unlocking keylessly:	say "(with [the matching key of the noun])[line break]";	try unlocking the noun with the matching key of the noun.	 Part 3 - Locking keylesslyUnderstand "lock [something]" as locking keylessly.Locking keylessly is an action applying to one thing.Check locking keylessly:	abide by the can't lock without a lock rule;	abide by the can't lock what's already locked rule;	abide by the can't lock what's open rule;	abide by the need a matching key rule.	Carry out locking keylessly:	say "(with [the matching key of the noun])[line break]";	try locking the noun with the matching key of the noun.		Volume 3 - The Passkey kind, needed only if you want keys to name themselvesA passkey is a kind of thing. A passkey has a property called the matching lock. The specification of a passkey is "A kind of key whose inventorylisting changes to reflect the player's knowledge about whatit unlocks."A passkey can be used or unused.After printing the name of a used passkey (called the item) while taking inventory:	say " (which opens [the matching lock of the item])";Instead of unlocking something (called the item) with a passkey (called the second item):	if the second item is not the matching key of the item, continue the action;	now the second item is used;	change the matching lock of the second item to the item;	continue the action.Volume 4 - Unlocking all - Not for releaseUnderstand "unlockall" as universal unlocking.Universal unlocking is an action applying to nothing.Carry out universal unlocking:	repeat with item running through locked things	begin;		now the item is unlocked;		say "Unlocking [the item].";	end repeat.Report universal unlocking:	say "A loud stereophonic click assures you that everything in the	game has been unlocked."Locksmith ends here.<Documentation>Locksmith adds implicit handling of doors and containers so that lock manipulation is automatic if the player has the necessary keys.  There are four parts of Locksmith.First, Locksmith will try opening all doors the player tries to pass through; try closing all lockables before locking them; and try unlocking all locked items before opening them.  Second, Locksmith tries to provide an intelligent default if no key is specified, so that >LOCK DOOR will work if the player is holding the correct key. Third, Locksmith introduces a kind called the passkey.  The passkey is a key which will name itself in inventory listings after use, so:+	You are carrying:+	+	a grey key (which opens the silver door)if we have written:+	The grey key is a passkey.Once the passkey has been used, the game also automates taking the key before using it on the door it matches.  Keys the player has never successfully used, or keys not defined as belonging to the passkey kind, will not behave this way.Finally, Locksmith provides the debugging verb 'unlockall', only used in debugging compilations of the game.  If during play we type UNLOCKALL, all locks in the game will magically spring open.